docs/dapp/sapphire: Update precompile pricing, add new details (#511)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/dapp/sapphire/precompiles.md

equivalent. `Sr25519` is not available and will return an error.

### Gas Cost

> * Ed25519: 1,000 gas

Reviewer: (nit) I wonder if we should use commas.

Author: I just followed the convention in the existing document.

The algorithm-specific base cost below, with an additional 8 gas per 32 bytes of `context` and `message` for the `Ed25519Oasis`, `Ed25519Pure` and `Secp256k1Oasis` algorithms.

* Ed25519: 2,000 gas
  * `0` (`Ed25519Oasis`)
  * `1` (`Ed25519Pure`)
  * `2` (`Ed25519PrehashedSha512`)
* Secp256k1: 3,000 gas
  * `3` (`Secp256k1Oasis`)
  * `4` (`Secp256k1PrehashedKeccak256`)
  * `5` (`Secp256k1PrehashedSha256`)

> * Secp256r1: 7,900 gas

Reviewer: Did you mean?

```suggestion
* Secp256r1: 9,000 gas
```

Author: Nope.

Verify: 7900 gas: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk/blob/eb97a8162f84ae81d11d805e6dceeeb016841c27/runtime-sdk/modules/evm/src/precompile/confidential.rs#L71

Sign: 9000 gas: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk/blob/eb97a8162f84ae81d11d805e6dceeeb016841c27/runtime-sdk/modules/evm/src/precompile/confidential.rs#L58

bytes memory signature = Sapphire.sign(alg, sk, digest, "");
require( Sapphire.verify(alg, pk, digest, "", signature) );
```

## SHA-512

### Overview

 * Precompile address: `0x0100000000000000000000000000000000000101`
 * Parameters: `bytes input_data`

Hash the input data with SHA-512, according to [NIST.FIPS.180-4]

> :::note SHA-512 is vulnerable to length-extension attacks

Reviewer: To clarify, this is not vulnerable?

Author: SHA-512 is vulnerable, the function below (SHA-512/256) is not. I have changed it to a warning and added a wikipedia link.

Which is relevant if you are computing the hash of a secret message. The SHA-512/256 variant is not vulnerable to length-extension attacks.

:::

### Gas Cost

* 115 gas, then 13 gas per word

### Example

```solidity
bytes memory result = sha512(abi.encodePacked("input data"));
```

## SHA-512/256

### Overview

 * Precompile address: `0x0100000000000000000000000000000000000102`
 * Parameters: `bytes input_data`

Hash the input data with SHA-512/256, according to [NIST.FIPS.180-4]

[NIST.FIPS.180-4]: https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/FIPS/NIST.FIPS.180-4.pdf

### Gas Cost

 * 115 gas, then 13 gas per word

### Example

```solidity
bytes32 result = sha512_256(abi.encodePacked("input data"));
```

## Subcall

### Overview

 * Precompile address: `0x0100000000000000000000000000000000000102`
 * Parameters: `string method, bytes cborEncodedParams`

> Performs an Oasis SDK call, which allows Sapphire contracts to interact with the Consensus layer and other modules supported by the SDK. For more information about the specific modules and their available queries or calls see the [Oasis SDK modules source].

Reviewer: (nit) Matevz will probably ask for this to be split up.

Author: The sentences are below 25 words each, it is a paragraph.

[Oasis SDK modules source]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk/tree/main/runtime-sdk/src/modules

### Gas Cost

> Varies per operation, refer to the oasis-sdk source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Varies per operation, refer to the oasis-sdk [source](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk)
```

Hmm. I see the reference above now.
